>> Bianca Gandolfo: What do you remember
about depth first search with a tree, and
how is it different?
Let's compare just for fun.
>> Speaker 2: You don't have to keep
track of where you've visited.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's
go,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Why don't we have
to keep track of where
we've visted in the tree?
Solution.
>> Speaker 3: Cuz you
don't have to worry about the pads.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
cuz here's our tree one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So for a tree,
in this case we're not
keeping track of our depth.
We could do that though if
we wanted in a similar way.
What we're doing this for each here.
The main difference is we have those for
each.
This for
each is gonna check if it's visited.
This tree we don't.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
what's the reason again?
I said it but then suddenly forgot.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Why?
What happens--what's the difference
between a tree and a graph?
The main difference?
>> Speaker 3: A graph can have cyclical
paths.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, and so
what would happen if we didn't check,
if we visited and we had a cycle?
>> Speaker 2: Infinite
loop.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We'd
have an infinite loop.
And so
we have this catch that's saying okay,
if this has been visited we're
not gonna keep traversing,
and recursing into that every time.
Cool?
Great.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
Any questions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
there was a question online
about passing this to for each.
For each takes a second parameter.
And that's just setting the context so
that you don't lose the value of this.
We briefly talked about this being kind
of finicky and there's certain rules.
And how we can't explicitly set it inside
of the body of the function except for
using call and apply or
using the keyword new.
Or what else did we say?
Just calling it to the left of the dot,
etcetera.
And then some functions take that into
consideration in their implementation
like for each to make sure that you're
able to explicitly set what this is, so
that you don't lose your context.
Which is a common problem in JavaScript,
just losing your context and
then you're saying this dot my function,
and then you're getting an error,
you're running out of the window for
some reason.
Or it says window is not a function,
or something crazy like that.
So, that's this.
Okay.